# Frameworks and Intro to JavaScript Project

I chose to create personal portfolio for this project instead of recreating a website. Using tools
and utilities from Bootstrap allowed consistent design practices through the website. The navbar was
designed to be responsive, and will turn to a dropdown on smaller screens. Below the navbar is a 
profile picture and header meant to grab the readers attention. I wrote a little information about myself
before you can view the projects. The projects are displayed using Bootstrap cards, and the first link takes you to the main projects page, where you can find even more information about the projects. The second link on the card takes you to the Github page where you can view or even utilize the projects yourself. Beyond the projects, is the skills section. I use Bootstrap tables for this section since it made everything clear, legible, and organized. Finally, there is a contact section with links to a contact form, my email, and my github page. There is also a Bootstrap alert to catch people attention and encourage them to reach out for collaboration. Using the navbar, or a link on the homepage, users can navigate to the projects page. This uses Bootstraps accordion component to neatly organize each project. Users can click on which project is most interesting to them, and then follow the link to the github repository if needed. For the last page of my portfolio, there is a contact form. Using Bootstrap to design the form elements allows for easy validation, and a simple pleasing design. Users can fill out the form with their name, email, phone number, and any message they'd like to send to me about my portfolio.

The second part of this project was designing JavaScript function to simulate interactive features. While the function are not connected to the site, they provide examples of JS functions that could be implemented in the future to improve the functionality of this website. The functions include email and phone number validation, randomizers to pick between different projects or programming languages, and a function to store messages people may leave in the form.